
.TH miniConf 1 2015-04-26 "Max Weller" "Handbuch"
.SH NAME
miniConf \- Jabber group conferencing
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR miniConf " [\fB/autostart\fR]"
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI /autostart
Hide the program window at startup. You may want to use this when
placing miniConf in your Desktop Environment's "run at startup" list.

.SH DESCRIPTION
First developed in C# / .NET 3.5 for debugging purposes of a MUC server,
miniConf advanced to a minimalistic, but reliable client for XMPP 
multi-user conferences (MUC).
.rj 1
(from the README)

.SS Which MUC servers are supported?

You can use miniConf to connect to any standards-compliant Jabber server
and from there, to any XEP-0045 compliant [1] MUC component. But I use
it mostly with the Prosody[2] server and my own MUC component[3] I'm
developing in node-js.

[1] http://xmpp.org/extensions/xep-0045.html
.br
[2] https://prosody.im
.br
[3] https://github.com/max-weller/teamwiki-chat/new_version/

.SH LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2014 Max Weller

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

.SH AUTHOR

Max Weller, computer science student at TU Darmstadt
.br
Contact details at 
.RB < http://max.weller.io >


